Welcome back everyone.
In this section we're gonna just
be talking about Linphone and
its source code.
So let's start off with
what's Linphone and
Linphone is just an open
sourced web software.
So, yeah, open source voice software so
you can simply download it,
use our code, or even download
the source code and take a look at it.
So in this section, we're gonna
be telling you how to get it, and
if you're really curious about it, you
can just go over the files, check it out.
So we're mainly concerned
about Android and
Ubuntu because that's what
the Dragonboard currently uses.
>> So Windows 10 eventually.
>> Yeah.
>> I think it's coming out real soon.
So, but since it went to the desktop all
the desktop versions get downloaded all
in one package so that's pretty nice.
So you usually need to repeat the same
steps for the Windows 10 version.
>> Yeah we wanna just kinda, and
I know we already kinda touched on this,
but this is a more complex section.
>> Right.
And if you if you find that it's
a little too hard to follow,
you can feel free to skip, right?
I think you said that.
>> Mhm, yeah.
>> So yeah, otherwise just go ahead and
download it anyways and
just poke around because I know I've
had fun poking around source code and
since we are going on
the whole VoIP thing,
maybe you find something you
like that you want to implement.
>> We feel like since this
Linphone server works,
and it works pretty well, it would be
a great resource for you to look at.
Say you wanna make your own VoIP project.
>> Yeah.
>> All right, let's get started.
So you need to head to the Linphone
website and go into the Linphone little
tab that they overview, right, and
then go into the Downloads tab.
It's simply for Android, you just need
to open up your Android Studios and
do a checkout from Version Control, which
we've showed you in a previous course.
>> Course two.
>> Yeah, course two, and you just need to
copy paste the GitHub link as I've, and
I've also given the examples
on these slides.
And if you want to get it for
Ubuntu, you'll need to launch
the onboard terminal or
even your own terminal, right?
And then you can just use copy paste the
band they have right there on the slides.
I've also given it on the slides.
>> The git clone,
colon backslash backslash.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGH] Get the Desktop Repository and
that will you give you all
the files you need for
to take a look at how Linphone works.
And just a little note I believe all
the Ubuntu and Mac files are in C.
>> Yes.
>> And in Windows versions,
I believe, are in Java.
Oh, no, Android's in Java.
>> The Android is in Java.
Ubuntu and Mac is in C, and
I believe Windows as well in C.
>> Okay, there you go.
[CROSSTALK]
>> At least a derivative of C, so maybe a
>> C sharp or C.
>> But this is all on the website, so
we're just kinda trying to remember
what we saw on the website.
Just feel free to check it out.
>> Right.
>> Get your source code, poke around,
have some fun with it, and yeah,
I think that's it, right?
[CROSSTALK]
>> So, with the source code, and
we've mentioned this earlier, too.
So what's the point of downloading this?
And so
we believe that in downloading this,
and maybe you'll poke around, you'll see
what the developers were thinking, so
you have maybe the eyes of
a VoIP software developer.
So it will be a great example for
you to develop your own VoIP app and
we also believe in like, checking out
the source files and how they interact.
You will see how like, phone calls or
video calls work or text messaging works.
You'll just be able to see how
everything works how the SIP
is enabled how it functions and
the grand scheme of things.
And with that-
>> And
with that [LAUGH] we'll
see you in the next video.